# hackDelhiDomovoy
Simply put, our Product aims to bring automation and a sense of self-consciousness and into the very own houses we live in and also easing house maintenance by using the state of the art technologies like blockchain and Artificial Intelligence. The functional domain of our product can be divided into 3 major parts: 1.Creating and maintaining a virtual entity for the house :- A ‘Digital Twin’ of the house will be made consisting of full knowledge and history of the house through ownership documents, documents of annexe creations, documents related to work that has been done over the years. All this will be stored on a blockchain network like Stellar, Ethereum. This will ensure both credibility and security of the house documents and a hassle free transfer of house ownership by simply creating another transaction in the blockchain network. 2.Making the house self-conscious :- The house can itself check for both scheduled non-scheduled maintenance tasks like yearly central AC checkup etc. It will be provided a wallet for payment of these tasks and the transaction will be stored on the blockchain network. These suggestions can be tuned by the customisations set by the residents. Also the house will keep a check on new Govt. subsidies (or regulations) and if it is applicable to the house , the owner will be informed about it. 3.Reversed auction Platform for service requests :- The house requests for various services will be put on a platform where certified service providers and contractors can make an offer to fulfill those services. The payment will be done through the house wallet and he transaction will be stored on the blockchain network. Our product is a must tool for everybody who want to automate their house and make it more self conscious to be not always dependent on its owner for maintenance.
